1: You have to drink!
2: Categories: The dice roller says a category. The person next to them has to say a word in that category, the next person says the next word also in that category and so on. If somebody cannot think of a word quick enough or repeats a word, the game ends and they have to drink!
3: Rhymes: the dice roller says a word, and the next person has to say a rhyming word and so on. If a person fails to say a word quick enough or repeats a word, then they have to drink.
4: Sips: the dice roller can choose people to give sips to. You can choose 5 people and give each of them 1-3 sips to drink.
5: The rule: the dice roller establishes a rule which needs to be followed by everyone playing until the next rule is made.The rule needs to be some kind of an action that can be seen by others, e.g. (slap the butt of the person who sits on your right) The action must be completed every time before you drink, if a person forgets to do the action before drinking and somebody catches them, they have to do it and drink again.
6: Counting: the dice roller says 1, the next person says 2 and so on, but if the number contains 7 or is dividable by 7 then you can’t say the number and have to say the next number. (For example, 1, 2, …, 6, 8,..., 13, 15, 16, …, 69, 80, 81, 83, 85, …)
7: Questionmaster: The dice roller becomes the questionmaster until another player becomes questionmaster. If a questionmaster asks a question and somebody answers them, then the one who answered has to drink, but if noone answers the questionmaster, then the questionmaster has to drink.
8: All men drink.
9: All women drink.
10: Everybody drinks.
11: Waterfall: everybody starts drinking at the same time and you can stop drinking when the person before you stops, so if the dice roller stops, the next person can stop (but they don’t have to if, they’d like to torture the next person) and so on. So basically the last person just did not have any luck today. Sorryyyy heh ;)
12: Pick a drinking buddy: the dice roller has to choose a drinking buddy, so that until the whole game ends that person has to drink whenever the dice roller drinks. If multiple people choose one person to be their drinking buddy then that person has a fun night ahead of them.